[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-operator-hcp-mgmt-config.adoc

[id="co-hcp-mgmt-config_{context}"]
= Configuring the {hcp} management cluster

[role="_abstract"]

> If you are hosting your own Hosted control plane or Hypershift environment and want to scan a Hosted Cluster from the management cluster, you will need to set the name and prefix namespace for the target Hosted Cluster. You can achieve this by creating a `TailoredProfile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are hosting your own {hcp-capital} or Hypershift environment and want to scan a Hosted Cluster from the management cluster, you will need to set the name and prefix namespace for the target Hosted Cluster. You can achieve this by creating a `TailoredProfile`.
```

  namespace: openshift-compliance
spec:
  description: This profile test required rules
  extends: ocp4-cis
  title: Management namespace profile
  setValues:
  - name: ocp4-hypershift-cluster
    rationale: This value is used for HyperShift version detection
    value: 79136a1bdb84b3c13217
  - name: ocp4-hypershift-namespace-prefix
    rationale: This value is used for HyperShift control plane namespace detection
    value: local-cluster
----

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
where:
+
`spec.extends`:: Specifies variable. Only `ocp4-cis` and `ocp4-pci-dss` profiles are supported in {hcp} management clusters.
`spec.setValues[0].value`:: Specifies the `NAME` from the output in the previous step.
`spec.setValues[1].value`:: Specifies the `NAMESPACE` from the output in the previous step.
```

where:

> `spec.extends`:: Specifies that only `ocp4-cis` and `ocp4-pci-dss` profiles are supported in {hcp} management clusters.

Reviewer 2: Copied this sentence from compliance-crd-tailored-profile.adoc
```suggestion
`spec.extends`:: Specifies the name of the `Profile` object upon which the `TailoredProfile` is built. Only `ocp4-cis` and `ocp4-pci-dss` profiles are supported in {hcp} management clusters.
```
